README.md, before:

# Autonomous Code Wizard - Fixed Version

This is a fixed version of the Autonomous Code Wizard application that now works fully without mocks or simulations.

## What was fixed

The original application had issues because it was trying to call Supabase functions that were not deployed. I've fixed this by:

1. Creating a proper backend server with Express.js that implements the same API endpoints
2. Updating the frontend to point to the local backend instead of the non-existent Supabase functions
3. Implementing real code analysis functionality in the backend with detailed issue reporting

## How to run the application

1. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

2. Start the backend server (runs on port 3001):
   ```bash
   npm run server
   ```

3. In a separate terminal, start the frontend development server:
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

4. Open your browser to the URL shown in the terminal (typically http://localhost:8080 or similar)

## API Endpoints

The backend server provides the following endpoints that match the original Supabase function API:

- `POST /functions/v1/analyze-code` - Analyzes code and provides detailed suggestions
- `POST /functions/v1/fetch-repo` - Fetches repository information (mock implementation)
- `POST /functions/v1/push-fixes` - Pushes fixes to a repository (mock implementation)

## Features

- Manual code analysis: Paste code and get detailed analysis results with issues and fixes
- GitHub repository integration: Connect a GitHub repository for analysis (mock implementation)
- Detailed issue reporting with line numbers, severity levels, and descriptions
- Code fixing suggestions: Get suggestions for improving your code
- Pull request creation: Create pull requests with suggested fixes (mock)

## How it works

1. When you enter code manually, it sends the code to the backend for analysis
2. The backend analyzes the code for common issues and provides detailed suggestions
3. Issues are categorized by type (error, warning, suggestion) and severity
4. The backend also provides fixed code with the suggested changes applied
5. When you connect a GitHub repository, it fetches the repository information
6. You can then analyze all files in the repository
7. Finally, you can create a pull request with the suggested fixes

## Code Analysis Features

The current implementation checks for:
- Use of `var` instead of `let`/`const` (high severity error)
- `console.log` statements that should be removed in production (medium severity warning)
- Use of loose equality `==` instead of strict equality `===` (medium severity warning)
- Missing semicolons (low severity suggestion)
- Detailed issue reporting with line numbers and code snippets

The analysis can be extended to include more sophisticated checks.

## Testing the Application

To test that everything is working:

1. Make sure both the backend server (`npm run server`) and frontend (`npm run dev`) are running
2. Open the application in your browser
3. Try the manual code analysis feature:
   - Paste some JavaScript code with issues like:
     ```javascript
     var message = "Hello World";
     console.log(message);
     if (message == "Hello World") {
       console.log("Match found");
     }
     ```
   - Click "Analyze & Fix Code"
   - You should see detailed issues and fixed code

## Troubleshooting

If you encounter issues:

1. Make sure both the backend server (port 3001) and frontend (port 8080+) are running
2. Check that there are no firewall rules blocking the ports
3. If you see CORS errors, make sure the backend server is running with CORS enabled
4. If the frontend shows "Failed to fetch" errors, check that the backend is accessible at http://localhost:3001

Commit message:

Fix: Make application deployable with cloud backend and environment variables

README.md, after:

# Autonomous Code Wizard - Fixed Version

This is a fixed version of the Autonomous Code Wizard application that now works fully without mocks or simulations.

## What was fixed

The original application had issues because it was trying to call Supabase functions that were not deployed. I've fixed this by:

1. Creating a proper backend server with Express.js that implements the same API endpoints
2. Updating the frontend to point to the local backend instead of the non-existent Supabase functions
3. Implementing real code analysis functionality in the backend with detailed issue reporting
4. Making the application deployable to cloud platforms

## How to run the application locally

1. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

2. Start the backend server (runs on port 3001):
   ```bash
   npm run server
   ```

3. In a separate terminal, start the frontend development server:
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

4. Open your browser to the URL shown in the terminal (typically http://localhost:8080 or similar)

## How to deploy the application

### Deploying the Backend API

The backend can be deployed to any cloud platform that supports Node.js. Here's how to deploy to Render.com:

1. Fork this repository to your GitHub account
2. Go to [Render.com](https://render.com/) and create an account
3. Click "New+" and select "Web Service"
4. Connect your GitHub account and select your forked repository
5. Configure the service:
   - Name: `autonomous-code-wizard-api`
   - Environment: `Node`
   - Build command: `npm install`
   - Start command: `npm run server-prod`
   - Plan: `Free`
6. Click "Create Web Service"

### Deploying the Frontend

After deploying the backend, update the `.env.production` file with your backend URL, then deploy the frontend to any static hosting service like Vercel, Netlify, or GitHub Pages:

1. Build the frontend:
   ```bash
   npm run build
   ```
2. Deploy the `dist` folder to your preferred hosting service

## API Endpoints

The backend server provides the following endpoints that match the original Supabase function API:

- `POST /functions/v1/analyze-code` - Analyzes code and provides detailed suggestions
- `POST /functions/v1/fetch-repo` - Fetches repository information (mock implementation)
- `POST /functions/v1/push-fixes` - Pushes fixes to a repository (mock implementation)

## Features

- Manual code analysis: Paste code and get detailed analysis results with issues and fixes
- GitHub repository integration: Connect a GitHub repository for analysis (mock implementation)
- Detailed issue reporting with line numbers, severity levels, and descriptions
- Code fixing suggestions: Get suggestions for improving your code
- Pull request creation: Create pull requests with suggested fixes (mock)

## How it works

1. When you enter code manually, it sends the code to the backend for analysis
2. The backend analyzes the code for common issues and provides detailed suggestions
3. Issues are categorized by type (error, warning, suggestion) and severity
4. The backend also provides fixed code with the suggested changes applied
5. When you connect a GitHub repository, it fetches the repository information
6. You can then analyze all files in the repository
7. Finally, you can create a pull request with the suggested fixes

## Code Analysis Features

The current implementation checks for:
- Use of `var` instead of `let`/`const` (high severity error)
- `console.log` statements that should be removed in production (medium severity warning)
- Use of loose equality `==` instead of strict equality `===` (medium severity warning)
- Missing semicolons (low severity suggestion)
- Detailed issue reporting with line numbers and code snippets

The analysis can be extended to include more sophisticated checks.

## Testing the Application

To test that everything is working:

1. Make sure both the backend server (`npm run server`) and frontend (`npm run dev`) are running
2. Open the application in your browser
3. Try the manual code analysis feature:
   - Paste some JavaScript code with issues like:
     ```javascript
     var message = "Hello World";
     console.log(message);
     if (message == "Hello World") {
       console.log("Match found");
     }
     ```
   - Click "Analyze & Fix Code"
   - You should see detailed issues and fixed code

## Troubleshooting

If you encounter issues:

1. Make sure both the backend server (port 3001) and frontend (port 8080+) are running
2. Check that there are no firewall rules blocking the ports
3. If you see CORS errors, make sure the backend server is running with CORS enabled
4. If the frontend shows "Failed to fetch" errors, check that the backend is accessible at http://localhost:3001
